README.md, before:

Ansible playbook for deployment of
[otindex](https://github.com/OpenTreeOfLife/otindex), the Open Tree of Life
data store indexer.

In progress. Not ready for production.

# Installation

Requires ansible 2.2 or later on the client. Ansible recommends installing with
pip on OS X:

    $ sudo pip install ansible

Note that (as of November 2016), the brew version of ansible is out of date.

# Configuration

**Hosts**: check the `hosts` file and ensure that the hostname and usernames
for the production and development servers are set to the correct values.

**Group_vars**:

    $ cd group_vars
    $ cp example-production.yml production.yml
    $ cp example-development.yml development.yml

Edit the following config information:

* database connection password: If this is an initial
setup, the postgres password will be set to what is in this file. If the
database is already running, then edit to use the existing password
* location of Open Tree Taxonomy
* location of phylesystem repo

# Running the playbook

For production:

    $ ansible-playbook otindex.yml -i hosts --limit production

For development:

    $ ansible-playbook otindex.yml -i hosts --limit development

Commit message:

config changes; start of otindex role

README.md, after:

Ansible playbook for deployment of
[otindex](https://github.com/OpenTreeOfLife/otindex), the Open Tree of Life
data store indexer.

In progress. Not ready for production. Tested only on Ubuntu16.

# Installation

Install ansible on the client machine. Requires ansible 2.2 or later. Ansible recommends installing with pip on OS X:

    $ sudo pip install ansible

For OS X users, note that (as of November 2016), the brew version of ansible is only 2.1.

# Configuration

**Hosts**: The `hosts` file contains information about the server where
you are installing otindex. Edit the hostname and usernames for the
production and development servers are set to the correct values.

**Group_vars**:

Here, you define variables that are specific for production and development.
Settings in `group_vars` take precedence over default variables in `roles`.

    $ cd group_vars
    $ cp example-production.yml production.yml
    $ cp example-development.yml development.yml

Edit the following config information:

* database connection password: If this is an initial
setup, the postgres password will be set to what is in this file. If the
database is already running, then edit to use the existing password
* location of Open Tree Taxonomy
* location of phylesystem repo

**Roles**

The playbook calls separate [roles](http://docs.ansible.com/ansible/playbooks_roles.html#roles)
for 1) setup of OpenTree data (OTT and phylesystem); 2) postgresql
installation / setup; 3) peyotl installation; and finally 4) otindex
installation / setup. See the `roles/*/defaults/main.yml` and
`roles/*/vars/main.yml` for variables specific to each role, noting that
settings in `vars` take precedence over `defaults`.

Note that there you can't simply run the entire playbook in a virtualenv, so
tasks that require the virtualenv have the following directive:

```
environment:
  VENV: "{{ install_dir }}/venv"
```

# Running the playbook

You can limit the playbook to run only for specific servers (production vs
development).

For production:

    $ ansible-playbook otindex.yml -i hosts --limit production

For development:

    $ ansible-playbook otindex.yml -i hosts --limit development
